Rewrite DxDataGrid into DxGrid and update DX versions to 25.1.4 (#107)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF_Security_E4908: XPO/ASP.NetCore/Blazor.ServerSide/Readme.md

> **NOTE** 
>

> > You may have a pre-release version of our components installed. For example, you may have downloaded a hotfix from our website. In such cases, you also have a pre-release version of NuGet packages. These packages will not be restored automatically. Update them manually as described in the following article: [Updating Packages](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/118420/Installation/Install-DevExpress-Controls-Using-NuGet-Packages/Updating-Packages). Use the [Include prerelease](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/create-packages/prerelease-packages#installing-and-updating-pre-release-packages) option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You may have a pre-release version of our components installed. For example, you may have downloaded a hotfix from our website. In such cases, you also have a pre-release version of NuGet packages. These packages are not restored automatically - you need to update them as described in the following article: [Updating Packages](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/118420/Installation/Install-DevExpress-Controls-Using-NuGet-Packages/Updating-Packages). Use the [Include prerelease](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/create-packages/prerelease-packages#installing-and-updating-pre-release-packages) option.
```

    }
    ```

- Set up database connection settings in your Data Store Provider object (`IXpoDataStoreProvider`in XPO).
    ```csharp
    builder.Services.AddSingleton<IXpoDataStoreProvider>((serviceProvider) => {
        var connectionString = serviceProvider.GetRequiredService<IConfiguration>().GetConnectionString("ConnectionString");
        return XPObjectSpaceProvider.GetDataStoreProvider(connectionString, null, true);
    });
    ```
        

>     The `IConfiguration` object is used to access the application configuration [appsettings.json](appsettings.json) file. In _appsettings.json_, add the following connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `IConfiguration` object is used to access the application configuration [appsettings.json](appsettings.json) file. In _appsettings.json_, add the following connection string:
```

 ```csharp
 public class EditableEmployee {
    public string FirstName { get; set; }
    public string LastName { get; set; }
    public string Email { get; set; }
    public Department Department { get; set; }
}
 ```

You can use extension methods to easily convert an `Employee` object to an `EditableEmployee` edit model and vice versa.

  ```csharp
public static class EmployeeExtensions {
    public static EditableEmployee ToModel(this Employee employee) {
        return new EditableEmployee {
            FirstName = employee.FirstName,
            LastName = employee.LastName,
            Email = employee.Email,
            Department = employee.Department
        };
    }
    public static void FromModel(this EditableEmployee editableEmployee, Employee employee) {
        employee.FirstName = editableEmployee.FirstName;
        employee.LastName = editableEmployee.LastName;
        employee.Email = editableEmployee.Email;
        employee.Department = editableEmployee.Department;
    }
}
 ```

## Step 4. Pages

[Login.cshtml](Pages/Login.cshtml) is a page that allows you to log into the application.

> [Login.cshtml.cs](Pages/Login.cshtml.cs) uses `IStandardAuthenticationService` from XAF Security System to implement the Login logic. It authenticates a user with the AuthenticationStandard authentication and returns a ClaimsPrincipal object with necessary XAF Security data. That principal is then authenticated to ASP.NET Core Identity authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Login.cshtml.cs](Pages/Login.cshtml.cs) uses `IStandardAuthenticationService` from XAF Security System to implement the Login logic. It authenticates a user with the AuthenticationStandard authentication and returns a ClaimsPrincipal object with XAF Security data. That principal is then authenticated with ASP.NET Core Identity authentication.
```

        }
    </CellDisplayTemplate>
</DxGridCommandColumn>
```

The page is decorated with the `Authorize` attribute to prohibit unauthorized access.

```razor
@attribute [Authorize]
```

To display asterisks instead of actual values in grid cells and editors, use [SecuredDisplayCellTemplate](Components/SecuredDisplayCellTemplate.razor) and [SecuredEditCellTemplate](Components/SecuredEditCellTemplate.razor).

```razor
<DxGridDataColumn FieldName="@nameof(Employee.FirstName)">
    <CellDisplayTemplate>
        <SecuredDisplayCellTemplate CurrentObject="@context.DataItem" PropertyName="@nameof(Employee.FirstName)">
            @(((Employee)context.DataItem).FirstName)
        </SecuredDisplayCellTemplate>
    </CellDisplayTemplate>
    <CellEditTemplate>
        <SecuredEditCellTemplate Context=readOnly CurrentObject=editableEmployee PropertyName=@nameof(Employee.FirstName)>
            <DxTextBox @bind-Text=((EditableEmployee)context.EditModel).FirstName ReadOnly=@readOnly />
        </SecuredEditCellTemplate>
    </CellEditTemplate>
</DxGridDataColumn>
```

> To determine whether asterisks need to replace actual text, check the Read permission by using the `CanRead` method of the Security System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine whether asterisks need to replace actual text, check the Read permission using the `CanRead` method of the Security System.
```
